Congratulations, you have successfully finished
the lesson on creating decentralized applications on Ethereum.
We created two versions of the star notary contract.
The first one was a simple one,
but it still helped you practice and use all the tools learned so far.
We us truffle, truffle boxes,
to get the boilerplate code.
We also learned how to write unit tests to test smart contracts.
We created a simple front end to interact with the contract.
We also then created a tokenized version of the star notary contract.
We used open Zeppelin to import the ERC 7-21 interface.
We learned why we are choosing the ERC 7-21 interface,
which is used for non-fungible tokens.
We wrote unit tests and created a simple front end for adapt.
Congratulations again on coming so far.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6